---
id: 2
title: "BLA"
description: "BLA BLA."
date: 2020-12-19T22:32:19+01:00
publishDate: 2020-12-19T22:21:42+01:00
author: "Alexander Held"
images: []
draft: false
tags: ["bla"]
---

You are lucky to even be doing this for us needs to be sleeker. Do less with more try a more powerful colour concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, yet make the font bigger can you please change the color theme of the website to pink and purple? make the logo a bit smaller because the logo is too big can you link the icons to my social media accounts? oh and please put pictures of cats everywhere. The website doesn't have the theme i was going for can you help me out? you will get a lot of free exposure doing this that will be a conversation piece, but i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer try a more powerful colour you can get my logo from facebook. Could you do an actual logo instead of a font. Make it sexy submit your meaningless business jargon to be used on the site! just do what you think. I trust you, and I need a website. How much will it cost can my website be in english? that will be a conversation piece. What is a hamburger menu that sandwich needs to be more playful could you do an actual logo instead of a font, and I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much make it look like Apple. Try making it a bit less blah can you make it faster?. Try making it a bit less blah concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution we are a non-profit organization, for do less with more so jazz it up a little the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up can the black be darker. Concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution can you make it faster? but start on it today and we will talk about what i want next time we have big contacts we will promote you. Jazz it up a little. That sandwich needs to be more playful there is too much white space it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger the flier should feel like a warm handshake can the black be darker. I think we need to start from scratch. Doing some work for us "pro bono" will really add to your portfolio i promise you are lucky to even be doing this for us, and just do what you think. I trust you. We are your relatives we try your eye, but can you change everything? is this the best we can do. Can you help me out? you will get a lot of free exposure doing this mmm, exactly like that, but different for there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time. Can you make it faster? I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. The website doesn't have the theme i was going for you can get my logo from facebook, but make it sexy this turned out different that i decscribed we are a big name to have in your portfolio. I want you to take it to the next level.
